Kuda Readme
The best place to start with Kuda is probably the samples. Viewing these should 
give you some ideas of things you can do with the Hemi library. You can also 
open the Kuda Editor to start scripting 3D Worlds using a graphical interface.
If you plan to use the editor, however, you'll need to follow the installation 
instructions below. As you begin to work with the Hemi library, please refer to 
the API documentation for notes on how to use its different features.

Requirements:
The Kuda Editor supports Firefox 9+, Chrome 16+, and IE7, 8, and 9 running Chrome
Frame 16+ (http://www.google.com/chromeframe). Mac users can enable WebGL in the
developer menu for Safari. The developer menu can be enables from Safari
preferences and the advanced options.

Installation:
To run the editor and the samples, you'll need to first install node.js. Follow
the instructions for your platform below.

For Windows:
1. Go to http://nodejs.org/#download and download and run the latest
   Windows installer.
2a. Option 1: Create a Windows shortcut to node.exe and add "app" to the
    "Target:", ex: "C:\Kuda\node.exe app". Change the "Start in:" to the directory
    with this README, ex: "C:\Kuda". We suggest copying or placing the shortcut on
    your desktop. Execute the shortcut.
2b. Option 2: Open a command prompt, cd to Kuda directory with this README, and
    execute "node app".

For Mac:
1. Go to http://nodejs.org/#download and download and run the latest
   Mac pkg installer.
2. Using the terminal application, change your directory to Kuda directory and
   type "node app.js".

Running the Editor:
1. Open up your web browser (see supported browsers above) and go to 
   "http://localhost:3000".

Samples:
For each sample, open the html file in a browser to view it. You can open the 
js file to see how the world was created and scripted. If you are using the
default configuration for Express, a typical address will be:
http://localhost:3000/samples/helloWorld/helloWorld.html

Running samples locally
You may want to create a separate browser profile or shortcut used just for local
development to be safe.

Google Chrome
    Use a command line flag. On Windows you can create a shortcut that uses the flag
    Ex. chrome --allow-file-access-from-files

Mozilla Firefox
Change local files security policy
    Go to about:config
    Set the config parameter security.fileuri.strict_origin_policy to false


AudioHouse  -   This sample shows how to incorporate audio media such as sound
                effects into the Tutorial A house model.
FadingWalls -   This sample shows how to dynamically set the opacity of an object
                using a custom shader and setting material parameters on the 
                render tick. Some of this functionality will be built into future
                versions of Kuda.
helloWorld  -   This is a simple hello world sample. It shows how to set up a
                simple world, load a model, and move the camera to a viewpoint.
                It also shows setting up a message handler.
hud         -   This shows how to create a heads-up-display with multiple pages
                that have different configurations. It also shows how to handle
                mouse interactions with the HUD elements.
lighting    -   This sample shows how to use the the texture module, hemi.texture
                to skin a house.  The skinning shows the effect of sunlight
                at five times of the day.
ParticleCurve - This is a demonstration of the Kuda particle system, which works
                by setting bounding boxes which the particles will flow through.
                The size and color of the particles can be changed with respect to
                time by a config obejct.
Pressure    -   This shows how to set up a very complex script that takes
HouseB          advantage of Scenes to organize behavior into logical segments.
                It also shows how to set up the manometer, blower door, and
                smoke puffer weatherization tools as well as the camera
                navigation tool. There is a complex PressureEngine as well as
                custom classes and a custom Message type.
shapes      -   This shows the Kuda simple shape library, which allows for the easy
                creation of most common shapes, plus custom meshes through an array
                of vertices.
tiny_house  -   This shows a simplified version of using the pressure engine
                with a single room and window house.  It is known as "Bubba's
                Outhouse".
tutoriala   -   This shows how to hide shapes in a model, animate a model using
                its keyframes, animate a model using translators and rotators,
                handle mouse clicks, and generate a basic particle effect. It
                also uses an HTML button from the web page to interact with the
                3D scene.
uvmapping   -   This shows how to swap textures and perform transforms on them such
                as translate and rotate.
WebGLCamp   -   This was a presentation at WebGL Camp #2 held at SRI. The presentation
Dec2010         uses the hemi sprites and camera on a curve.

Kuda Editor:
The Kuda Editor provides you with a graphical interface to the Hemi library and
allows you to perform much of the same work in a more visual manner. You can:
- View and modify 3D models
- Create animations for model keyframes
- Create camera viewpoints
- Create message handlers to script behaviors
- Save your project as a JSON file
- Load your saved project from file

Documentation:
To view documentation for the Hemi library, go to the doc directory and open the
index.html file.

Directory Listing (Full install):
assets    -   Your 3D models, images, etc. You should place any assets you 
              create or use in this directory.
doc       -   API level documentation for the Hemi library
editor    -   The graphical Kuda Editor
hemi      -   The Hemi library
hext      -   The Hemi Extensions (Hext) library
lib       -   Third party libraries used by Hext and the Kuda Editor
